---
title: Machine Learning Ops with SBCs
author: JAlcocerT
date: 2024-01-01 00:10:00 +0800
categories: [IoT & Data Analytics]
tags: [Sensors,Python,MongoDB]
image:
  path: /img/metabase.png
  alt: IoT Project with Python, MongoDB, DHT11/22 sensors and Metabase.
render_with_liquid: false
---




## Gitea

* <https://fossengineer.com/selfhosting-Gitea-docker/>

## Jenkins

<https://fossengineer.com/selfhosting-jenkins-ci-cd/>

## SonarQube

GitHub Actions can be used to trigger SonarQube scans on various events like push or pull requests.
You can add a step in your GitHub Actions workflow to run the SonarQube scanner. This involves setting up the SonarQube server details and running the analysis as part of your GitHub Actions pipeline.

### SQ with Jenkins

Jenkins offers a SonarQube plugin that allows for easy integration.

Once the plugin is installed, you can configure a Jenkins job to trigger SonarQube scans. This can include providing the SonarQube server configuration and specifying the project key and token in the job configuration.

### SQ with Gitea
While Gitea does not have direct plugin support like Jenkins, you can still integrate SonarQube into your Gitea pipelines using webhook triggers or by manually configuring CI/CD tools (like Drone, which integrates with Gitea) to run SonarQube scans.

Webhooks: Use webhooks in Gitea to trigger external CI/CD tools on events like push or pull requests.
CI/CD Tool: In your CI/CD pipeline configuration (like a .drone.yml file for Drone CI), add steps to execute the SonarQube scanner.


## Cortex

Open Source Alternative To AWS SageMaker

Production infrastructure for machine learning at scale


* <https://github.com/cortexlabs/cortex>
* <https://docs.cortexlabs.com/>




## FAQ

### What are microservices?

### What are Web-Hooks?

A webhook is like a doorbell. When certain events happen in one system (like a new post on a blog or a new commit in a repository), it automatically sends a notification to another system. It's a way for apps to provide other applications with real-time information.

* How It Works: A webhook delivers data to other applications as it happens, meaning you get data immediately. You set up a webhook by providing a URL to the system you want to receive the notifications. When an event occurs, the system makes an HTTP request (usually POST) to the URL you provided.
* Use Case Example: A common use of webhooks is in Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines. For example, GitHub can use a webhook to notify a CI server like Jenkins to start a new build whenever code is pushed to a repository.

### What are API calls?

An API call is like making a phone call to a specific service. You request the information or service you need, and the system responds back. It's a way for applications to interact and request data from each other.

* How It Works: An API call is a manual process; you have to make the request to get the data. It’s like asking, "Do you have any new data?" The request is usually made via HTTP (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE), and the server processes the request and sends back a response.
* Use Case Example: If you have an application that needs to get the latest weather data, it can make an API call to a weather service. The application sends a request, and the weather service responds with the latest weather information.

### WebHooks vs API Calls

* Initiation:
  * Webhook: Automatically initiated by the source system when an event occurs.
  * API Call: Manually initiated by the requesting system.
* Purpose:
  * Webhook: Used for real-time notifications.
  * API Call: Used for requesting or sending data on demand.
* Direction:
  * Webhook: One-way from the source to the receiver.
  * API Call: Two-way communication between the requester and the server.