---
title: "Raspberry Pi Pico W:"
date: 2023-08-30T23:20:21+01:00
draft: true
tags: ["Self-Hosting"]
---




<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KX_-MPOJNXY>
The KY-008 sensor is a laser transmitter module that emits a red laser beam. It can be used for a variety of projects, including:

Remote signaling: The laser beam can be used to send signals to a receiver module. This can be used to create a simple remote control, or to create a sensor that detects the presence of an object.
Line following: The laser beam can be used to create a line following robot. The robot can be programmed to follow the laser beam, even if it is curved or broken.
Distance measurement: The laser beam can be used to measure the distance to an object. This can be done by measuring the time it takes for the laser beam to reflect back to the receiver module.
Obstacle avoidance: The laser beam can be used to create an obstacle avoidance sensor. The sensor can be programmed to detect obstacles and avoid them.
Security system: The laser beam can be used to create a security system. The system can be programmed to sound an alarm if the laser beam is interrupted.
The KY-008 sensor is a versatile device that can be used for a variety of projects. It is important to note that the laser beam emitted by the KY-008 sensor can be harmful to eyes, so it should be used with caution.

Here are some additional things to keep in mind when using the KY-008 sensor:

The laser beam is emitted in a straight line, so it is important to make sure that there are no obstacles in the way.
The laser beam can be affected by sunlight and other bright light sources, so it is important to use the sensor in a dark environment.
The laser beam can be dimmed by adjusting the resistor on the module.



Yes, you can use the KY-008 sensor with the Raspberry Pi Pico. The Pico has a 5V output pin that can be used to power the laser module. The laser module has two pins: VCC and GND. VCC should be connected to the 5V pin on the Pico and GND should be connected to the ground pin on the Pico.

Here is a simple circuit that you can use to connect the KY-008 sensor to the Raspberry Pi Pico:

VCC (laser) ---> 5V (Pico)
GND (laser) ---> GND (Pico)
Once the laser module is connected to the Pico, you can control it using software. There are many tutorials available online that show you how to do this.

Please note that the laser beam emitted by the KY-008 sensor can be harmful to eyes, so it should be used with caution. It is important to make sure that the laser beam is not pointed directly at anyone.

I hope this helps!