---
title: "Raspberry Pi Pico W:"
date: 2023-08-30T23:20:21+01:00
draft: true
tags: ["Self-Hosting"]
---



Yes, you can use the GY-273 sensor with the Raspberry Pi Pico. **The GY-273 is a magnetometer sensor** that measures the strength and direction of magnetic fields. It can be used to create a digital compass, or to detect the presence of magnetic objects.

The GY-273 is compatible with the Raspberry Pi Pico's I2C bus. To connect the GY-273 to the Pico, you will need to use a four-wire cable. The following table shows the connections:

GY-273	Raspberry Pi Pico
VCC	3.3V
GND	GND
SCL	SCL
SDA	SDA



The GY-273 is a digital compass module based on the QMC5883L chip. It is a triple-axis magnetometer that can measure the Earth's magnetic field in three dimensions. The GY-273 has a measuring range of ±1.3 to 8 gauss and a resolution of 0.01 gauss. It is powered by a 3 to 5V supply and communicates using the I2C protocol.

The GY-273 is commonly used in robotics, drones, and other applications that require accurate orientation sensing. It can also be used in navigation systems, such as GPS receivers.

Here are some of the features of the GY-273 sensor:

Triple-axis magnetometer: Measures the Earth's magnetic field in three dimensions.
Measuring range of ±1.3 to 8 gauss: Can measure weak to strong magnetic fields.
Resolution of 0.01 gauss: Accurately measures small changes in the magnetic field.
Powered by a 3 to 5V supply: Widely compatible with different power sources.
Communicates using the I2C protocol: Easy to interface with microcontrollers.
If you are looking for a precise and versatile magnetometer sensor, the GY-273 is a good option to consider.

Here are some of the applications of the GY-273 sensor:

Robotics: Used to determine the orientation of robots, such as self-driving cars and drones.
Navigation: Used in GPS receivers and other navigation systems to determine the position of an object.
Avionics: Used in aircraft to determine the attitude of the aircraft.
Marine: Used in ships and boats to determine the heading of the vessel.
Surveying: Used to measure the magnetic field of the Earth.
Geology: Used to study the magnetic properties of rocks and minerals.
I hope this helps!